docs: simplify readme (#371)
rainbow-me/rainbowkit: README.md

`npm install @rainbow-me/rainbowkit wagmi ethers`

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [rainbowkit.com](https://rainbowkit.com).

### Try it out

> You can use the codesanboxes below try out RainbowKit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the CodeSandbox links below try out RainbowKit:
```
